# Things To Do

1. 	**Finish FlexiDiagramBlocks extension**
    FlexiDiagramBlock replaces https://github.com/lunet-io/markdig/blob/master/src/Markdig.Tests/Specs/DiagramsSpecs.md 
(built in diagram extension does not work with FlexiCodeBlocks since it was built into the basic code block renderer).
FlexiDiagramBlock will render diagrams server side.

2. **Finish FlexiIncludeBlocks extension**  
    Apart from including sections of documents in the same repository, FlexiIncludeBlocks will allow for inclusion of sections of remote documents.
It will improve on the include extensions here: https://github.com/JeremyTCD/DocFx.Plugins.MimoMarkdown/tree/master/src/JeremyTCD.DocFx.Plugins.MimoMarkdown.
Syntax will be something like `+[code|markdown <options>]`

3. **Build Documentation Site**  
    Documentation will be much clearer if both the generated markup and the markup rendered with styles are displayed.

4. **Optimize**

5. Misc  
    - **Document CommonMark Specifications NBSP problem**  
        Several specs are supposed to contain non-breaking spaces. Unfortunately, the 
document on [Github](https://github.com/commonmark/CommonMark/blob/master/spec.txt#L10) contains ordinary spaces (U+0020) instead. 
This causes several tests to fail (319, 478 and 334).

    - **FlexiSectionBlocks Extension**  
        Sections extension should start a "new context" in blockquotes and other sectioning roots. This is in line with the spec, which states that outlines in sectioning roots should not affect outlines in their parents.

    - **FlexiTableBlocks Extension**  
        Can't use FlexiOptionBlocks for pipe tables because PipeTableParser is an InlineParser. With the current architecture, there is no easy way to pass 
FlexiOptionBlock options to the TableBlocks generated by PipeTableParser. Perhaps PipeTableParser could be a BlockParser, like GridTableParser.

        Also, label text generation should not occur in the renderer (which should only be responsible for rendering). Again, because PipelineTableParser is an InlineParser,
there is no convenient hook for that can be used for label text generation. 